Format dashbord datetime (#20280)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_31_12.md

#### Scripts
##### CommonServerPython

> - Fixed an issue where the dashboard time was not parsing well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the dashboard time was not parsed correctly.
```
